README.md, before:

# Non-Game-Submissions-Queue
Welcome to Non-Game submissions. Please add your submission to the queue by going to "Issues" and selecting the type of submission you are making (New Disc, Verification, or Fix).

Please, please make sure that all the information gathered for your submission is correct and complete before submitting. Go <i>slowly</i>, and check and double-check each item of information as you transcribe it from your release/disc, especially when it comes to the more precise fields like serials, ringcodes, and barcodes.

It's not mandatory, but is highly encouraged and very appreciated to include some quick photos of your media (or even scans, if you feel so inclined) along with your submission. Not only does this add that extra level of verification for the information provided, but also is useful for recording non-textual characteristics of the release you're documenting, often equally as important.

Thank you for your contribution and please don't hesitate to ask any questions if you have them!

If you haven't already, please consider joining our Discord community, found here: https://discord.gg/VutEU9jQNe

Commit message:

Added Redumper requirement note in readme. Added release date source field.

README.md, after:

# Non-Game-Submissions-Queue
[Note: Starting 2024/05/01, Redumper will be the required program for dumping all non-game discs. DIC dumps made prior to this date will still be accepted, but it is encouraged to redump with Redumper if you are able to.]

Welcome to Non-Game submissions. Please add your submission to the queue by going to "Issues" and selecting the type of submission you are making (New Disc, Verification, or Fix).

Please, please make sure that all the information gathered for your submission is correct and complete before submitting. Go <i>slowly</i>, and check and double-check each item of information as you transcribe it from your release/disc, especially when it comes to the more precise fields like serials, ringcodes, and barcodes.

It's not mandatory, but is highly encouraged and very appreciated to include some quick photos of your media (or even scans, if you feel so inclined) along with your submission. Not only does this add that extra level of verification for the information provided, but also is useful for recording non-textual characteristics of the release you're documenting, often equally as important.

Thank you for your contribution and please don't hesitate to ask any questions if you have them!

If you haven't already, please consider joining our Discord community, found here: https://discord.gg/VutEU9jQNe
